bpo-25567: Add the support of bytes in quotes. (#10871)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2018-12-04-16-15-06.bpo-25567.5krN3D.rst

> Added the support of bytes in quote method from shlex module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the bytes support to the :func:`shlex.quote` function.
```
